Add text discussing OSS and safety supply chains (#56)
elisa-tech/wg-osep: docs/OssSupplyChain.md

# Safety Software Supply Chain (aka: voila, there is your business model!)

> There exists a long-standing and seemingly intractable conflict between the world of commercial Product Safety and the Open Source development model. It is commonly stated that Open Source software is inherently unfit for deployment in systems that have to adhere to safety regulations, due to the instrinsically uncontrolled and aimless nature of Open Source development practices. While such allegations are well worth investigating in detail and will often be found not to hold water, there is a bigger-picture viewpoint to be taken on this issue: similar to Open Source enabling the divorce of IP-based from engineering-based business models in the past decades, it can now enable a differentiation between IP-based and liability-based businss models. With the right mindset and methodology, there is no unconditional need to co-locate IP ownership of a codebase with taking on safety-liability for that same codebase. Rather, safety engineering and the assocated liability coverage can simply become another dimension for models of commercial engagement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There exists a long-standing and seemingly intractable conflict between the world of commercial Product Safety and the Open Source development model. It is commonly stated that Open Source software is inherently unfit for deployment in systems that have to adhere to safety regulations, due to the instrinsically uncontrolled and aimless nature of Open Source development practices. While such allegations are well worth investigating in detail and will often be found not to hold water, there is a bigger-picture viewpoint to be taken on this issue: similar to Open Source enabling the divorce of IP-based from engineering-based business models in the past decades, it can now enable a differentiation between IP-based and liability-based business models. With the right mindset and methodology, there is no unconditional need to co-locate IP ownership of a codebase with taking on safety-liability for that same codebase. Rather, safety engineering and the associated liability coverage can become another dimension for models of commercial engagement.
```

Reviewer: I would also prefer "safety-focussed engineering" to "safety engineering"

Reviewer: Ore perhaps even "safety-oriented"
